Update gravity-bridge-deployment-guide.md (#158)
crypto-org-chain/cronos: docs/gravity-bridge/gravity-bridge-deployment-guide.md

You should have a validator running in the `Cronos Testnet 3` network.

### Ethereum kovan node

> You need to have access to the RPC endpoint of a kovan node. Maybe host a own kovan node? https://github.com/openethereum/openethereum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have access to the RPC endpoint of a kovan node. Or host your own kovan node with [go-ethereum](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/) or [openethereum](https://github.com/openethereum/openethereum)
```
